# References

- [Addressing Function Approximation Error in Actor-Critic Methods](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.09477): This is the paper that introduces the TD3 algorithm that we are using in our project. It introduces TD3 as an algorithm built upon Double Q-learning with improved performance by limiting overestimation.
- [Introduction to Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2408.07712): This paper contains explains the general concepts of reinforcement learning. It also has a list of algorithms that can be used. However it has nothing directly connected to offline learning which is important to our subject.
- [Offline Reinforcement Learning: Tutorial, Review, and Perspectives on Open Problems](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.01643): This paper tutorial paper talks about the algorithms used in offline reinforcement learning and the problems that are faced from offline reinforcement learning. It also talks about distributional shift but only for dynamic approaches so we would have to understand whether it also applies in our case. Distributional shift is solved by limiting the shift that the offline learnt policy can do from the policy which it is learning from. It also talks about policy constraints which can be relevant but also seem to not work with our project.
- [A Minimalist Approach to Offline Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06860): This paper talks about the issue of offline reinforcement learning with out-of-distribution. It introduces behavior cloning as a solution although it does not seem to be something that we can use, however it seems to try and address a similar problem to us.
